[The D]
Yo kevito, your name is weeb, cause it comes from kirito,
the swifty ass nigga from SAO,
yo check this,
your performance is like those from reckless
you post albam 100 memes,
yeah those with the rednecks
*alabama
the thing thats cute in your face are your freckles, 
your red hair,
and well, your madness

[The D]
started you funny but became lame,
the end was not so cool, but rather lame,
yeah, panties and dirk jokes,
sometimes reminds me of you,
you´re my best bloke

[Kev]
What kind of game, are you playing, it's lame. You're not going to get that rapping came, if you Rap this way, cuz that sounds gay
*that rapping fame
Fuckin autocorrect

[The D]
Yeah KVE, you name it,
lame in every way, no wonder you blame it,
but let me explain it,
when in sober and tired i only rap shit,
not even lit,
i am gonna watch anime with panties that fit

[Kev]
I'm bored as fuck, still I'd never jump infront of a truck, so I'll just talk shit about your rapping, whilst lying in bed and napping, what do you mean, you're sober and tired? 
You better be fit for work, I don't wanna have you getting fired, and what about the panties that fit? 
That kinda sounds strange but also lit. So the last thing I've got to ask is why are you gay? That's not okay

[The D]
Youre a fool if you think i am going to work the next day, that would be a thing i call gay,
so if you lay in yo bed, not sleeping only napping, why dont you start fapping, damn and then get a napkin

[Kev]
I'll keep napping, I'd rather not do disgusting stuff such as fapping, I'll stay a virgin that's for sure. 
And I hope you find for your problems a cure. Just know, it's never good to beat your meat, especially not with hentai in the sheet. 
Rather go onto the street, get something to eat. And write some more lines, before kevito whines

[The D]
Well i shouldnt go full retard,
i need to realize that hentai aint art,
my sanity is low, yeah, out of this chart,
i need to get some help real quick, 
and stop rapping shit bout the boy stick,
a trick would be to lick chicks and spit on cheeks,...
Now my level is so low its not even funny for weebs.
I should hang myself or get chocked by my sheets

[Kev]
Alright you filthy weep, I'm now going to sleep. 
I'll text you tomorrow, to free you from grief and sorrow. 
For now I hope you can sleep well, actually I'm sure you can, ..I can tell
Good n8